Redo branch (#2)
num42/actions-gcs-cache: README.md

# Google Cloud Service Cache

`actions-gcs-cache`

> This action installs dependencies or builds, and caches them in Google Cloud Storage.

Author: ```suggestion
This action restores cached files from or caches them in Google Cloud Storage.
```

Reviewer: Done!

## Caches filename

`<key>_<MD5 path>.tar.gz`

## `tar` compression commands

### Compression:

> `tar -zcf <key>_<MD5 path>.tar.gz <path>`

Reviewer 2: add example

Reviewer: Done!

### Decompression:

> `tar -zxf <key>_<MD5 path>.tar.gz <path>`

Reviewer 2: add example

Reviewer: Done!

## Functionality

### Main Action

The caches, corresponding to the given paths, that are available in the GCS Bucket will be restored (downloaded).

### Post Action

> The caches, corresponding to the given paths, that were no available in the GCS Bucket will be saved (uploaded).

Author: ```suggestion
The caches, corresponding to the given paths, that were not available in the GCS Bucket will be saved (uploaded).
```

Reviewer: Done!

## Inputs

### - no-download

*default = false*

> A boolean indicating of the caches should be download in Main Action.

Author: ```suggestion
A boolean indicating if the caches should be download in Main Action.
```

Reviewer: Done!

### - key

**required**

An explicit key for restoring and saving the caches.

### - paths

**required**

A list of files and directories to restore and save.

### - restore-keys

*not implemented*

~~An ordered list of keys to use for restoring the caches if no cache hit occurred for key.~~

## Outputs

### - cache-hit

> Returns true if all given path where found, otherwise returns false.

Author: ```suggestion
Returns true if all given paths where found, otherwise returns false.
```

Reviewer: Done!
